We are the team lavender, since team lavender came up to an idea of 
creating a program that will help the professors of getting the 
information and attendance of their students since we are in online 
classes. The title of the project is (SIAC) Studentâ€™s Information and 
Attendance Checker. The application is intended to keep a record of a 
list of students in a class along with their full name, courses and 
respective student code.

The team managed to create the program by basing on our past activities 
such as the activities DE8 and Lab8. Because these activities is about 
creating dictionaries. Dictionaries are one of the most useful data 
types in Python. Python lists, as previously shown, are ordered 
collections that use a numerical offset. We also used codes such as 
lists, esle if statements and while loops.

The team is not yet finished with its code for the project but yet 
we have already made a progress. which we have created dictionaries,
lists, loops, functions and if statements. and while we are creating our 
code we have encountered such problems and errors that help us reflect
to it and come up to solutions and fixed it.

While we are creating our python code. The first error that we've 
encountered is that the first code we made is not processing correctly 
it errors and shows syntax errors due to some wrong codes because we are 
just using trial and error technique so we can know what is lacking. 
And sometimes we forgot to put colons, comma, equals and etc. thats why 
we end up in an syntax error code. We are also having trouble on appending 
the new dictionaries that we have input. it only replaces the other 
existing values.

Our coding for today has a big progress that we've already completed 2/4 
features of our program. With our codes based from different activities, 
we have a grasp of understanding to how we would be creating our project 
like how would we want it to be.

In the python code that we have started to create. we used dictionaries 
for us to store the datas such as student's names, student's numbers, 
room numbers, time and name of the proffesor Because we would be listing 
a  number of students, we used loops for efficiency. The user would be 
able to make the decision to continue the loop or discontinue it by 
typing certain commands. we used loop for us to input the data that we 
needed. We used a function to make the append command work on strings 
in dictionaries and lastly we use else if statements for the decision 
making of out program.

